README.md, before:

# Lab 3 - Flix

Flix is a movies app displaying box office and top rental DVDs using [The Movie Database API](http://docs.themoviedb.apiary.io/#).

Time spent: 5 hours spent in total

## User Stories

The following **required** user stories are complete:

- The following screens use AutoLayout to adapt to various orientations and screen sizes
- [X] Movie feed view (+3pt)
- [X] Detail view (+2pt)

The following **stretch** user stories are implemented:

- [X] Dynamic Height Cells (+1)
- [ ] Collection View AutoLayout (+2)

The following **additional** user stories are implemented:

- [ ] List anything else that you can get done to improve the app functionality! (+1-3pts)

Please list two areas of the assignment you'd like to **discuss further with your peers** during the next class (examples include better ways to implement something, how to extend your app in certain ways, etc):

1.
2.

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='Flix_lab.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

## License

Copyright 2018 Kevin Vu Nguyen

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Added model and API into the app

README.md, after:

# Lab 5 - Flix App

Flix App is a movies app displaying box office and top rental DVDs using [The Movie Database API](http://docs.themoviedb.apiary.io/#).

Time spent: 2 hours spent in total

## User Stories

The following **required** user stories are complete:

- [X] Create a movie model (+2pt)
- [X] Implement the movie model (+2pt)
- [X] Implement property observers (+2pt)
- [X] Create a basic API Client (+2pt)

The following **additional** user stories are implemented:

- [ ] List anything else that you can get done to improve the app functionality! (+1-3pts)

Please list two areas of the assignment you'd like to **discuss further with your peers** during the next class (examples include better ways to implement something, how to extend your app in certain ways, etc):

1.
2.

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='Flix_V1.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.


## License

    Copyright 2018 Kevin Vu Nguyen

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
